Adding Dynamic Targeting Documentation (#632)
DataDog/chaos-controller: docs/targeting.md

### Case for the use of kubernetes cache in dynamic targeting

#### When and how should we run the reconcile loop with dynamic targeting ?

In order to make dynamic targeting work, we needed to run the reconcile loop more often then we previously did; the bread-and-butter case of Dynamic Targeting is having new targets added to an existing disruption. 

As trivial as it sounds, new targetable pods are not yet registered and monitored by the controller; it needs to run the reconcile loop to take them into account. So how do we make the controller run the reconcile loop for objects it possibly does not even know about ? A few terrible solutions instantly come to mind:

- Run the reconcile loop periodically for no reason to scan for new pods matching the disruption's selector :no_entry:

  Would work, but would not scale well -as one controller can start running more and more disruptions simultaneously-, waste resources running the loop for sometimes no reason, and input an arbitrary time scale. **We should not trigger the loop for no reason and need external signals.**

- Run the reconcile loop on any cluster activity (pod/node CREATE, UPDATE, DELETE events) :no_entry:

>   Would be very ressource-expensive, and would trigger all disruptions' reconcile loops at the same time. The controller would be constantly running all its' disruptions reconcile loops. **We cannot afford to trigger the loop on all possible external signals; we need to filter them.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Would be very resource-expensive, and would trigger all disruptions' reconcile loops at the same time. The controller would be constantly running all its disruptions reconcile loops. **We cannot afford to trigger the loop on all possible external signals; we need to filter them.**
```

There are three folds:

- [Clear Instance Selector Cache](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L552): This function is called as late as possible before the disruption deletion. The loop then call the cache cancel function and delete the cache map entry. This will cover most cases, next attempts are extra safety as reconcile loops can be interrupted.
- [Expired Cache Context Cleanup](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L571): on every reconcile, asserts for every existing cache the corresponding disruption exists. Also, asserts no cache is still listed with a already-canceled context.

> - [Cache Deletion Safety](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L596): the first method is useful and will prevent many cases from going wrong, but still relies on the controller looping after the disruption is over to release the ressources. Every minute, the disruption will be polled, and if it is not found, will cancel the cache context, releasing the ressources it used. If the controller reconciles again, the first listed function will erase the cache from the map, as the context will be canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cache Deletion Safety](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L596): the first method is useful and will prevent many cases from going wrong, but still relies on the controller looping after the disruption is over to release the resources. Every minute, the disruption will be polled, and if it is not found, will cancel the cache context, releasing the resources it used. If the controller reconciles again, the first listed function will erase the cache from the map, as the context will be canceled.
```

> To ensure no cache is running loose, a gauge indicating the amount of current cache entries is set to be monitored; it can be substracted to the gauge of live disruptions to alert in case of sustained negative results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure no cache is running loose, a gauge indicating the amount of current cache entries is set to be monitored; it can be subtracted from the gauge of live disruptions to alert in case of sustained negative results.
```

- [Expired Cache Context Cleanup](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L571): on every reconcile, asserts for every existing cache the corresponding disruption exists. Also, asserts no cache listed in the map has with a already-canceled context - in which case it's deleted.
- [Cache Deletion Safety](https://github.com/DataDog/chaos-controller/blob/adb8070c989a6c25195354e3bcef3f2c839ef032/controllers/cache_handler.go#L596): the first two methods are useful and will prevent most cases from going wrong, but still rely on the controller looping after the disruption is over to make sure the resources are released. Started in its own goroutine this function will, every minute, poll the disruption. If it is not found the cache context will be canceled, releasing the resources it used. If the controller reconciles again, the second listed function will erase the cache from the map, as the context will be found canceled.

> To ensure no cache is running loose, a gauge indicating the amount of current cache entries is set to be monitored; it can be substracted from the gauge of live disruptions to alert in case of sustained negative results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure no cache is running loose, a gauge indicating the amount of current cache entries is set to be monitored; it can be subtracted from the gauge of live disruptions to alert in case of sustained negative results.
```
